Add meta description to some pages (#3853)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/installation-guide/open-distro/distributed-deployment/unattended/unattended-elasticsearch-cluster-installation.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2021 Wazuh, Inc.
.. meta::

>   :description: Check out how to install Open Distro for Elasticsearch and Open Distro for Kibana using an automated script. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: Check out how to install Open Distro for Elasticsearch and Open Distro for Kibana using a script that automates the installation process.
```
